Hey, everyone, everything beauty.
it's me once again here games br
and in this tutorial wringing you a
how to update the
freestyle on 775 review by top gg
which I consider a very simple way
to do so, including not only this
this is this update you have like
do as it does other applications you
has to install in this way but the
today's issue is to update the
freestyle in review 775
So what are we going to need?
first from the top gg
I already left a link from the video for you guys.
and how to tg we will do it
through wool through ftp
it is not enough simply to select
in alan just check here in this box
in this boxing is to type ipê
that appears in front of you and a
tip I give and the people I think
very important to the well
interesting there are consoles that
every time you restart it it tends
to make the exchange of ipê and the high gg
some updates from above gg it
reset to freestyle only
so it's interesting whenever you go
make the use of the high spin for any
procedure you sit in lanusse
your fixed annual ip network settings
pro your xbox
it always keep that same default ip
and in this boxing you will dictate how
I already said the ip of your xbox
good down here you will select the
freestyle in revision 775 is the version
her too
below in Spanish there are people who
Likes I do not particularly like it
I like the default version
This is already updated, okay, and you
simply click on this button
here only just this
so I will not do now we
because I just did this
my idh procedure
which again set everything up there but he
just give a message here
down
and at the end it will appear that it is
done or will appear next to the name I
I do not know the right head right now but it's just
This is just waiting to finish the process.
When it's over, we'll do it.
the part of xbox because it will be created
a new page with your freestyle and me
I'll show you now.
The next step is what people
will do in the handset beauty
Come on, you talk about driving.
you will open it open it goes on the spot
where was your stay in my
if I install it on my internal hd
You can notice that there are two
matches here the new one that is written
It's at a party that I recognize this.
I'm starting as old as we know
the part of her is a thing that people
will have to do it right away before
turn off the console can not forget
this detail that is to execute our dest
launch you may also notice that already
make 3.08 the last one we will have
that we run our batch to connect the
console that the next time it calls
he already starts new tai chi
so we're going in the way os and aq do
default
I'll do mine here to do it.
together
I'll select the default
way to my new story hd
inside that's where my you are
select where your own is
pendrive or external hd grate
freestyle and the default file
chex beauty such a way sitting there
We 're going to save it for our people.
river there the point n
I 'm in the internal HD, I 'm going to
xo rb and sorry for the xis on top
he is going to save
I'm going to push the rb again and I'm going to leave
now he is already going to do the
resetting my freestyle
in the new story in the upcoming 775
step we go again in our easy
management to get rid of that
old foliage our freestyle more
old that I'm going to pay you now not
have more need to maintain that was
installed on the console or andretti on it
beauty in case you can not delete it
because you can probably
be still in use then
You will turn the console off and on again.
console and lounge step had to pay only
that
this is today's tutorial I will people
staying here
who liked it can give that there and
quinzinho there in the channel who if you want
sign up and thank you and say hello to
the next news will be waiting there soon
A hug to everyone